文字摘秒

Faith may be blind, but loyalty is not.

Think of history as being the sum of two components: an erratic component that consists of unpredictable events that follow no discernible pattern, and a regular component that consists of long-term historical trends. 

 If a SMALL change is made that affects a long-term historical trend, then the effect of that change will almost always be transitory—the trend will soon revert to its original state.

 A change in human behavior will affect the economy of a society and its physical environment; the economy will affect the environment and vice versa, and the changes in the economy and the environment will affect human behavior in complex, unpredictable ways; and so forth.

 The principles should be borne constantly in mind, and whenever one reaches a conclusion that conflicts with them one should carefully reexamine one’s thinking and retain the conclusion only if one has good, solid reasons for doing so.

 The concept of “mental health” in our society is defined largely by the extent to which an individual behaves in accord with the needs of the system and does so without showing signs of stress.

 Since the beginning of civilization, organized societies have had to put pressures on human beings of the sake of the functioning of the social organism. 

 Many primitive peoples, when they don’t have work to do, are quite content to sit for hours at a time doing nothing at all, because they are at peace with themselves and their world. But most modern people must be constantly occupied or entertained, otherwise they get “bored,” i.e., they get fidgety, uneasy, irritable.

To those who think that all this sounds like science fiction, we point out that yesterday’s science fiction is today’s fact.

Meanwhile, ideologies were being developed that offered a new world view that was quite different from the old one.

To gain one thing you have to sacrifice another.

Most people hate psychological conflict.For this reason they avoid doing any serious thinking about difficult social issues, and they like to have such issues presented to them in simple, black-and-white terms: THIS is all good and THAT is all bad. 

Poetry is condensation of thought.

生者是过客，死者是归人

静静地向往没有的，却又害怕失去已经拥有的，前者是欲望后者是恐惧

修短随化、终期于尽

虽趣舍万殊，静躁不同，当其欣于所遇，暂得于己，快然自足，不知老之将至。及其所之既倦，情随事迁，感慨系之矣。